Update troubleshooting.asciidoc (#1573)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.asciidoc

* https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/tree/main/deploy/kubernetes/elastic-agent-kustomize/default[{agent} Kustomize Templates] documentation and resources.

* Other examples and manifests to deploy https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/tree/main/deploy/kubernetes[{agent} on Kubernetes].

[discrete]
[[agent-kubernetes-invalid-api-key]]
== Troubleshoot {agent} on Kubernetes seeing `invalid api key to authenticate with fleet` in logs

> If an agent was unenrolled from a Kubernetes cluster data might be left in `/var/lib/elastic-agent-managed/kube-system/state` on the node(s). Reenrolling an agent later on the same nodes might then show error `invalid api key to authenticate with fleet` error messages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an agent was unenrolled from a Kubernetes cluster, there might be data remaining in `/var/lib/elastic-agent-managed/kube-system/state` on the node(s). Reenrolling an agent later on the same nodes might then result in `invalid api key to authenticate with fleet` error messages. 
```

> Make sure to delete this state-folder before rolling out a new agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid these errors, make sure to delete this state-folder before enrolling a new agent.
```

> Extra information:
> 
> * https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/3586

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to issue link:https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/3586[#3586].
```
